Add TachiyomiSY fork (#238)
tachiyomiorg/website: src/help/guides/creating-backups.md

This fork can only restore **MangaDex** entries in a backup. If there are entries from other sources that are a part of that backup then they will not transfer.

#### [TachiyomiAZ](/forks/TachiyomiAZ), [TachiyomiSY](/forks/TachiyomiSY), and [TachiyomiEH](/forks/TachiyomiEH)

> These two forks have some built-in extensions, namely: **E-Hentai**, **Hitomi.la**, and **nHentai**.

Reviewer: Isn't it three forks now?

Author: Yes, good catch

> These two forks have some built-in extensions, namely: **E-Hentai**, **Hitomi.la**, and **nHentai**.

Author: ```suggestion
These three forks have some built-in extensions, namely: **E-Hentai**, **Hitomi.la**, and **nHentai**.
```

This fork can only restore **MangaDex** entries in a backup. If there are entries from other sources that are a part of that backup then they will not transfer.

#### [TachiyomiAZ](/forks/TachiyomiAZ), [TachiyomiSY](/forks/TachiyomiSY), and [TachiyomiEH](/forks/TachiyomiEH)

These three forks have some built-in extensions, namely: **E-Hentai**, **Hitomi.la**, and **nHentai**.

> Titles in these extensions on these two forks will not be restored when restoring a backup made by these forks to standard Tachiyomi. It is possible to restore titles to these two forks, but it is not possible to back them up out of these forks.

Reviewer: Is this also a thing in SY else it should also be `three` here too
```suggestion
Titles in these extensions on these three forks will not be restored when restoring a backup made by these forks to standard Tachiyomi. It is possible to restore titles to these three forks, but it is not possible to back them up out of these forks.
```
Also, I double-check so there is no more of these hidden

Author: Maybe we should just not use any word describing the amount; e.g `these forks` instead of `these X forks`?

Reviewer: That could be a solution.
Maybe something along these lines:

> These forks have some built-in extensions, namely: E-Hentai, Hitomi.la, and nHentai.
> 
> Titles from said extensions will not be restored when restoring a backup made by these forks to standard Tachiyomi. It is possible to restore titles to these forks, but it is not possible to back them up out of these forks.

Author: Can you add that as a suggestion so it's one-click commit? Or if you commit directly to my branch. Not at my PC atm

> These three forks have some built-in extensions, namely: **E-Hentai**, **Hitomi.la**, and **nHentai**.
> 
> Titles in these extensions on these two forks will not be restored when restoring a backup made by these forks to standard Tachiyomi. It is possible to restore titles to these two forks, but it is not possible to back them up out of these forks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These forks have some built-in extensions, namely: **E-Hentai**, **Hitomi.la**, and **nHentai**.

Titles from said extensions will not be restored when restoring a backup made by these forks to standard Tachiyomi. It is possible to restore titles to these forks, but it is not possible to back them up out of these forks.
```
@Soitora
